---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rgw_user Data Source - terraform-provider-rgw"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used to retrieve information about a user.
---

# rgw_user (Data Source)

This data source can be used to retrieve information about a user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "rgw_user" "my_user" {
  user_id = "my_user"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `user_id` (String) The ID the user is referred by.

### Optional

- `display_name` (String)
- `email` (String)
- `generate_key` (Boolean) Only used for creation and modification. If true, a new key will be generated for the user. Default: true for creation, false for modification.
- `key_type` (String) Only use for creation and modification when `generate_key` is true.
- `max_buckets` (Number)
- `purge_data` (Number) Only used when deleting the user. Check Ceph RGW Admin Ops API documentation for details.
- `suspended` (Number)
- `tenant` (String) The tenant name where the user ID is part of.
- `user_caps` (String) Only used to set user capabilities. To get user capabilities, use `caps` read-only attribute instead.

### Read-Only

- `caps` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--caps))
- `default_placement` (String)
- `default_storage_class` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `keys` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys))
- `op_mask` (String)
- `placement_tags` (List of String)
- `subusers` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subusers))
- `swift_keys` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--swift_keys))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--caps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `caps`

Read-Only:

- `perm` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys`

Read-Only:

- `access_key` (String)
- `secret_key` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--subusers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subusers`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `permissions` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--swift_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `swift_keys`

Read-Only:

- `secret_key` (String)
- `user` (String)


